Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
All in this room are full of
sin.
Enough distractions!
I am Mina.
and if you do that again
you will eternally regret it!
Tell me why have you chosen to
torment
this servant of God?
Her light will soon be
extinguished.
By whom is her light being
extinguished?
Satan will soon crush
the God of peace under your
feet.
Cease with your diversions!
I have sinned in that I have
betrayed the innocent blood.
You are Judas?
Why are you tormenting this
poor soul?
So she rots from the inside
and slaughters herself like a
pig!
You want her to take her own
life.
And who else haunts this woman?
She shall bask in the infernal
kingdom of hell for eternity.
Her suffering shall be
laid at your feet.
How how did you find us?
If you continue.
your days left on Earth will be
few.
Cami...
My little Camila...
Help me. please.
Grandma?
They are torturing me.
Please help me.
I can't take it.
Grandma. forgive me.
Jesus would never allow
my grandmother's
beautiful voice into
a lying snake like you.
You won't fool me. you vile
beast!
Abandon your own grandmother?
You'll rot in hell.
you stupid fucking bitch!
The sounds of their gasps
were like music in my ears.
And Jesus was laughing
right along with me.
Leave this servant of God! And
be gone!
Let your Sisters be cut.
bruised and degraded?
How could you let this happen?
You've destroyed their spirits.
Their spirits will never be
destroyed.
They're too strong for you.
You have failed her.
She already belongs to us!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm